Create announcements week14.md (#683)
giantswarm/releases: announcements/2021/week14.md

# :zap: This week in provider-independent announcements (April 9, 2021) :zap:

For a comprehensive and always-updated view of all new features and changes for apps, workload clusters, UI, and documentation, please check out [changes and releases](https://docs.giantswarm.io/changes/). Below are the highlights.

## Managed apps

> [NGINX IC v1.15.1](https://docs.giantswarm.io/changes/managed-apps/nginx-ingress-controller-app/v1.15.1/) adds options to configure `failurePolicy` and `timeoutSeconds` to relax the validating webhook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[NGINX IC v1.15.1](https://docs.giantswarm.io/changes/managed-apps/nginx-ingress-controller-app/v1.15.1/) adds options to configure `failurePolicy` and `timeoutSeconds` to allow relaxing the validating webhook.
```

# :zap: This week in provider-independent announcements (April 9, 2021) :zap:

For a comprehensive and always-updated view of all new features and changes for apps, workload clusters, UI, and documentation, please check out [changes and releases](https://docs.giantswarm.io/changes/). Below are the highlights.

## Managed apps

> [Cert Manager v2.4.4](https://docs.giantswarm.io/changes/managed-apps/cert-manager-app/v2.4.4/) renames the clusterissuer subchart and makes pods of deployments use read-only file systems, in order to...

Author: @QuentinBisson @glitchcrab @ubergesundheit , can you help clarify what the benefit of this release is? 😁  https://github.com/giantswarm/cert-manager-app/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#244---2021-04-06

Reviewer: What was the previous release announced? This is a very minor patch release which only changed internal stuff.

Author: since you confirmed, this wont affect customers and not interesting to them, deleted it!

> [External DNS v.2.3.0](https://docs.giantswarm.io/changes/managed-apps/external-dns-app/v2.3.0/) now periodically validates IAM credentials for AWS, self-killing and recovering from authentication errors.

Author: @ubergesundheit can you confirm if this is correct? 😄

Reviewer: Yes.

Can you remind me who is the main target of these announcements? If its for customers, this is not really interesting

Author: since you confirmed, this wont affect customers and not interesting to them, deleted it!

> [NGINX IC v1.15.1](https://docs.giantswarm.io/changes/managed-apps/nginx-ingress-controller-app/v1.15.1/) adds options for `failurePolicy` and `timeoutSeconds` to the validating webhook, in order to...

Author: @ubergesundheit what was this for? 😄  https://docs.giantswarm.io/changes/managed-apps/nginx-ingress-controller-app/v1.15.1/

Reviewer: This was requested by a customer. This is also configurable in the upstream chart.
It allows to relax the validating webhook by setting a higher timeout or setting the failurePolicy to "Ignore" to ignore erros entirely

Author: ty! Modified.
